[Collatz Conjecture Dig Deeper]: Corrections & Edit (#4250)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/collatz-conjecture/.approaches/ternary-operator/content.md

This approach starts with checking if the number is less than or equal to zero.
If it is, then a [`ValueError`][value-error] is raised.

After that, a `counter` variable is assigned to zero.
Then we start a `while loop` that will run until the number is equal to one, at which point it will terminate.

> Inside the `loop`, we have a [ternary operator][ternary-operator] or [conditional expression][conditional-expression].

Reviewer: I think it might be a bit clearer if "or conditional expression" was "(also called a conditional expression)":

```suggestion
Inside the `loop`, we have a [ternary operator][ternary-operator] (also called a [conditional expression][conditional-expression]).
```

In that case, maybe the next line could be simplified by only saying "ternary operator"?

A `ternary operator` (_`conditional expression`_) can be viewed as a one-line `if`/`else` statement.
Using a one-line construct can make the code more concise.

> The primary check of the `ternary operator` divides the number by two if it is even.

Reviewer: "primary check" is confusing to me, maybe something like "first part" or "first section" would work better:

```suggestion
The first part of the `ternary operator` divides the number by two if it is even.
```

The `else` part of the expression (_where the number is not even_) multiplies the number by three and adds one.
Then the `counter` is incremented by one.

> When the `loop` completes, the counter value is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `loop` completes, the `counter` value is returned.
```
